New exercise: Trees in Stereo Vision. (#26)
ocaml-sf/learn-ocaml-corpus: exercises/stereo/descr.md

# Trees in Stereo Vision

This short exercise considers a simple yet challenging question: *can one
reconstruct a binary tree out of its inorder and preorder traversals?* This
problem was introduced by Knuth in "The Art of Computer Programming" (1968).

## Tree Traversals

Here is an algebraic data type of binary trees:

```
  type 'a tree =
    | Leaf
    | Node of 'a tree * 'a * 'a tree
```

A tree `t` is either a leaf `Leaf` or a binary node `Node (u, x, v)`,
which carries a left subtree `u`, an element `x`, and a right subtree `v`.

A *traversal* of a tree `t` is a list of the elements carried by the tree `t`.
There are several natural ways of ordering such a list. At a binary node `Node
(u, x, v)`, three objects are at hand, namely `u`, `x`, `v`. There are six
permutations of these objects. These six permutations give rise to six natural
traversals, which are known as *inorder*, *preorder*, *postorder*, *reverse
inorder*, *reverse preorder*, and *reverse postorder* traversals. In this
exercise, two of these are of interest:

> * The *inorder traversal* corresponds to the permutation `u`, `x`, `v`. It is

Reviewer: It may not be clear for the reader which permutation is encoded by the sequence: "`u`, `x`, `v`. Here you could say:
```suggestion
* The *inorder traversal* corresponds to the identity permutation. It is
```

  defined as follows: the inorder traversal of a binary node `Node (u, x, v)`
  is formed by concatenating the inorder traversal of the subtree `u`, the
  element `x`, and the inorder traversal of the subtree `v`.

* The *preorder traversal* corresponds to the permutation `x`, `u`, `v`. It is
  defined as follows: the preorder traversal of a binary node `Node (u, x, v)`
  is formed by concatenating the element `x`, the preorder traversal of the
  subtree `u`, and the preorder traversal of the subtree `v`.

**Question 1.** Define two functions `inorder` and `preorder` of type `'a tree
-> 'a list`, such that `inorder t` and `preorder t` are respectively the
inorder and preorder traversals of the tree `t`.

*Note.* The most direct definition of these functions uses list concatenation

> `@` and (unfortunately) has quadratic time complexity. There also slightly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`@` and (unfortunately) has quadratic time complexity. There also exist slightly
```
